five-time Olympic medalist Simone biles
is considered the greatest American
gymnast ever and she is certainly a very
busy one too
not only is she currently training for
the 2020 Olympics but she is also headed
to college and her life story is about
to be told in a Lifetime television
movie over the last few months she has
shown us all that she is stronger and
even braver than we knew take a look
[Applause]
Simone biles the most decorated American
gymnast of all time she is now called
the greatest gymnast to ever live
winner of three consecutive World
Championships and wowing the crowds at
the Rio Olympics by taking home five
medals four of them gold you are seeing
the greatest of all time known as much
for her bubbly personality waving to
everybody as for the skills that take
our breath away this month in an
emotional social media post the
powerhouse said she too was a victim of
dr. Larry Nasser we need to know why
this was able to take place for so long
and to so many of us we need to make
sure something like this never happens
again last week after a dramatic and
emotional seven-day sentencing hearing
judge Rosemarie aqua Lina agreed
sentencing Nasser to up to 175 years in
prison for molesting young girls telling
all the brave women who came forward you
are no longer victims you are survivors
biles responded by tweeting to judge
aqua lena thank you you are my hero
and shout-out to all of the survivors
for being so brave and speaking like the
Queen's that you are I stand with every
one of you please welcome Simone biles
the other love it's the way you make us
feel something special it's something
special and and when we got to that
piece and that tape setup where we
talked about Larry they were there were
audible gasps because people have an
investment in you and emotional
investment in your well-being you you
came out and said he he will no longer
have the power to steal our happiness or
joy did he steal your happiness describe
the effect he had on you yes I think for
elite athletes like some of us have gone
through this hard time I think we're
very good at compartmentalizing things
so I think we just tried to push it in
the back of our heads that it didn't
happen to us but once you realized you
know it happened to you
it's very saddening I remember just like
bawling my eyes out and I was driving at
the time so it was very hard because for
the longest time my parents would ask
hey Simone like they would never push me
to talk about it but my automatic
response was no and it would I would be
angry and I didn't want to talk about it
because I'm like no it couldn't happen
to me like there's just no way and then
you just come to realize that it has
happened and I think that's when I broke
down about it because nobody wants their
daughter or just even as an individual
to have that happen to them so it feels
like he took a part of me that I can't
get back so I'm still working on that
part so it was very hard it's it's hard
no one likes to think of themselves as a
victim you know that word itself can be
disempowering especially to someone like
you who is a champion yes I know you
said for a time you blamed yourself but
you said I know now it is not my fault
yes it's not my fault you know there are
women out there right now who may be
struggling and maybe it's boys and men
too
definitely yes a lot of us to those who
are doing that to themselves right now
what do you want them to know it is not
your fault because some of them it's
called a grooming process and I think
that's what he did so the main part that
he took away from me that I'll never get
back
is trust and
I think it's very hard for me to trust
some other people and I find myself even
walking down the street or being in
places I'm just very scared so I think
that was the main thing but it'll all
come back within time that's right
I feel like in a way you you have the
building blocks for recovery Rd in you
right I mean it's not like you hadn't
had life challenges before you met Larry
and some of these are gonna be
documented now in this new Lifetime
movie which I love spectacular and and
to me the message of the movie is about
resilience and sacrifice yes sacrifice
it takes to be a champion yeah what can
you just talk about that because it's
not like you know you see Simone and all
of her all of her success you didn't get
to go to the prom and the high school
football games and hang out with your
friends all the time what describe a
sacrifice you had to go through I mean
it's very hard especially for a young
teen a lot of kids get to experience
high school and all the proms and all
the football games and all of that and I
had to sacrifice some of those dreams
for a little bit bigger one and at the
time it's kind of crazy because you
can't predict the future so sometimes I
would find myself thinking you know is
this worth it because you can't predict
the future I couldn't say I couldn't rub
a Boldin ball and say hey will I go to
the Olympics in four years you never
know so you make those sacrifices and
hope that you'll make it so it's very
hard but I know I didn't make the wrong
choice but now you're going can you tell
us what the name of the school is you're
a paid spokesperson now for the school
as well which is the name of University
of the people and describe what it's an
online accredited yes free yes tuition
free but it's not technically free at
the end of your semester and the year
it's a total of $1,000 so some people
can't even pay those minimum fees so we
have a Simone biles Legacy Fund to give
scholarships away for those minimum
funds and I think it's very special
they still have the opportunity to go to
school and so I'm very excited about it
yeah you now we're about to go obviously
into the Winter Olympics dude would you
watch that yes I will watch it I'm still
training obviously but I will take time
and watch it what's your favorite thing
to watch
I love Lindsey Vonn and Nathan Chen
those are my two favorite nice yeah if
you were gonna be a Winter Olympics
athlete which what would you have done I
think I would pick ice skating it makes
sense I don't know there seemed you
there seemed to be correlations between
two sports can I just ask you something
I've always wanted to ask you and we
watched that tape of you flipping around
in the air yes what does that feel like
to me it feels normal
it is it's sometimes like if I do two
flips and add a twist in it you don't
really feel like you're doing that so
sometimes I look back at it and I'm like
whoa that's what I do because I don't to
me it feels like it looks like it feels
like flying you know in a way but
sometimes gravity is like no not today
now going into 2020 you have a new coach
new coach now and so how is that
changing your preparation and you took
you took some time off is it been tough
to dust off the you know wheels and get
going again
it was tough the first three days I'm
not gonna lie the third day I was
bawling my eyes out because I could
literally barely move like I could
barely walk down the stairs I barely
slept that night because I was so sore
but then after I got over the third day
it was all good and it's back to normal
that happened to me when my team made me
work out with a rope for three minutes
like for you Symone good luck
thank you good luck thank you for sure
[Applause]
hello today feds thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking that button down there and
click on any of the videos over here to
watch the latest interviews show
highlights and digital exclusives